hi this is teacher Scott and today we'll
be chanting the other sutras yoga Sutra
chapter one line sixteen top Adam who
shot ya da cunha by Trish gnam Todd
Purdum Purusha cha ta
guna by Trishna meeee Todd Purdum
Purusha cha da cunha by Trish Miam Todd
Purdum Purusha kata kuna by Trish gnam
Todd Purdum Purusha kotti kunafa
Krishnam Todd param Purusha Tati guna by
Trish gnam Todd param Purusha Tati guna
by Trish Nam Tok Aram pure shock RT guna
by Trish gnam Dharam Bharati
[Music]
guna by Trishna Mataram Purusha kotti
kuna by Krishnam Karim Purusha kotti
guna by Trish gnam taught param purusha
kata hey guna by Trish Nam thank you for
listening this is teacher Scott please
subscribe to my youtube channel yoga and
Ayurveda with teacher Scott or visit my
website teacher Scott org thank you and
namaste